c:\users\worlddj1\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\DuctAndPipeSnapper.dll
c:\users\worlddj1\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\DuctAndPipeSnapper.pdb
c:\users\worlddj1\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\obj\Debug\DuctAndPipeSnapper.dll
c:\users\worlddj1\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\obj\Debug\DuctAndPipeSnapper.pdb
c:\users\worlddj1\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\obj\Debug\DuctAndPipeSnapper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\worlddj1\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\RevitEntities\ElementCategoryFilter.cs
c:\users\worlddj1\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\RevitEntities\ElementSelectionFilter.cs
c:\users\worlddj1\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\RevitEntities\ElementTypeSelectionFilter.cs
c:\users\worlddj1\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\RevitEntities\FamilySymbolExtracter.cs
c:\users\worlddj1\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\RevitEntities\FilteredFamilyCollection.cs
c:\users\worlddj1\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\RevitEntities\IReferenceFilter.cs
c:\users\worlddj1\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\RevitEntities\ISelectionableFilter.cs
C:\Users\WorldDj1\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\obj\Debug\DuctAndPipeSnapper.Forms.PlugInDuctForm.resources
C:\Users\world\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\obj\Debug\DuctAndPipeSnapper.Forms.PlugInDuctForm.resources
C:\Users\world\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\obj\Debug\DuctAndPipeSnapper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\world\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\RevitEntities\ElementCategoryFilter.cs
C:\Users\world\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\RevitEntities\ElementSelectionFilter.cs
C:\Users\world\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\RevitEntities\ElementTypeSelectionFilter.cs
C:\Users\world\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\RevitEntities\FamilySymbolExtracter.cs
C:\Users\world\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\RevitEntities\FilteredFamilyCollection.cs
C:\Users\world\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\RevitEntities\IReferenceFilter.cs
C:\Users\world\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\RevitEntities\ISelectionableFilter.cs
C:\Users\world\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\DuctAndPipeSnapper.dll
C:\Users\world\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\bin\Debug\DuctAndPipeSnapper.pdb
C:\Users\world\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\obj\Debug\DuctAndPipeSnapper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\world\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\obj\Debug\DuctAndPipeSnapper.dll
C:\Users\world\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DuctAndPipeSnapper\DuctAndPipeSnapper\obj\Debug\DuctAndPipeSnapper.pdb
